[Music]
so here's a fun riddle for you
we're in the world our wedding rings
worn on the toes and people serve bulls
instead of waves now it's not New Jersey
folks it's India and it's a place full
of odd customs and curiosities you
probably didn't know about and guess
what today's your lucky day I'm going to
tell you about it
for example there's in descending order
number twelve the quirks of Indian
English now India is one of the largest
english-speaking countries in the world
second only to the US but in a country
with around 880 spoken languages only 22
of which are even officially recognized
it's no wonder Indian English may
sometimes tickle your ear in a strange
way for instance if a person starts
talking to you with a weird yaar sound
don't worry that's just the Indian way
to say hey dude Indians would probably
ask your name with the phrase what's
your good name and no that doesn't mean
you have some kind of a bad name that
you somehow earned it's just a way of
being polite and when an Indian person
finally starts addressing you by your
first name they may add G to the end to
show how much they respect you ah my
dear bright side er g11 beautifully
adorned toes in India when two loving
hearts decide to marry each other the
groom must put a wedding ring on his
bride's toe yep that's the custom these
wedding rings are called bicha and every
bride wears them on both her second toes
as a sign of her newly married State
there are other kinds of Touring's in
India too some men wear them on their
big toes in a belief that it'll boost
their strength and vigor Indians are
famous for their love of gold but toe
rings are mostly made of silver because
it's inappropriate to wear gold below
the waist number 10
unbreakable promises most people in
India believe that a spoken-word has
immense power within it and if you break
a promise you'll enrage spirits and
deities the most powerful promise is the
promise of a mother so if an Indian
person swears by this then you better
believe them if you don't want to come
off as really rude number 9 the
birthplace of plastic surgery among
India's most sacred texts there's one
that baffles surgeons and medical
experts to this day it's called the
Sushruta Samhita and it's a fundamental
part of the indian practice of Ayurveda
it was written by the ancient Indian
surgeon Sushruta somewhere between 1000
BCE and 500 BCE the text describes tons
of unbelievably complex surgical
procedures but the most fascinating
thing is that it proves that India is
probably the birthplace of all plastic
surgery even for his time
Sushruta was totally capable of doing
nose jobs or rhinoplasty 'he's if you
want to be technical and earlobe
reconstructions not exactly what would
make movie stars seem foreveryoung but
still impressive speaking of movies
number eight twice the Hollywood India's
Bollywood is the largest film industry
in the world
no not Hollywood Bollywood produces
about 1,200 films every year that's
twice the amount that Hollywood puts out
and if you want to start an acting
career in India you better learn how to
sing and dance since most of the movies
produce there are musicals this passion
for musical stems from a deep
appreciation for Indian traditional
dance and folklore
also it's no secret that Bollywood was
inspired by Hollywood works from the
1920s to 1950s many of which were
musicals Bollywood got its be from
Bombay the city where most Indian films
are produced which of course changed its
name to Mumbai in 1995 yeah they should
keep a be Mollywood just
No isn't the same number seven holy rats
I know it sounds absurd so let me
explain according to an ancient Indian
legend the mighty and worshipped warrior
sage karni mata tragically lost her
stepson Laxman when he accidentally fell
in a pond and drowned
karni mata was in such grief that she
begged the gods to save him well they
did but on one condition
all of her male children would be
reincarnated as rats ah those wacky gods
what a unique sense of humor huh
so that's why the temple devoted to
karni mata in dish snow is known as rat
temple here you are going through a huge
hall
completely covered in rats but people
here are happy to come and share their
food with these sacred long-tailed
rodents a might be a relative it's a
particular honor to come across and feed
the rare white rats in the temple
they're believed to be the true
reincarnation of karni mata and her
son's number six bull surfing whoa
gnarly dude if you ever go to the
village of Ananda pala after harvest
season then you might be able to watch
some bull surfing how do you surf a ball
very carefully I'd guess you see first
off they make a track on a flooded field
that becomes pretty much a big muddy
swamp then teams yeah it's a competitive
sport compete to stay on a board being
pulled through the water by two bulls
these jockeys trained for this event and
the Bulls are groomed and cleaned with
their horns being polished nice and
shiny doesn't last very long can you see
yourself hanging ten on a board driven
by two really big mammals in your hands
and that's no bull wait yes it is
turf sup dude
number five who to thank for your clean
hair did you know the word shampoo has
Indian roots well that comes as no
surprise since shampooing itself
originates in India the original word
chompoo means massage and was initially
used to describe the process of hair
strengthening with herbs common in India
but India has good reason to pay so much
attention to their locks the country
sells over 20 billion dollars worth of
hair in a single month such amounts are
second only to China but even this hair
selling giant mixes its product with
indian hair for better quality
[Music]
number four serious wildlife
conservation india gets a lot of
criticism for its pollution problem
which there's no denying that it's a
serious one but that doesn't say
anything about indian people's attitude
towards wildlife there are 104 national
parks in india with over 15,000 square
miles of overall coverage some of the
rarest animals on earth inhabit these
parks like the bizarre-looking
purplefrog
the smallest pig in the world the pygmy
hog and the largest living bat the
indian flying fox these endangered
species are in severe need of protection
and India has proven itself very capable
of wildlife conservation just take the
country's national symbol as an example
in 2010 there were only between 1700 and
1900 Bengal tigers left in the world but
those numbers are now up to around 2,200
the Bengal tiger is still considered
endangered even though it's the biggest
tiger species in terms of numbers so you
can imagine how grave the situation is
for its cousins elsewhere number three
towers of silence India is not only home
to rare wildlife species but some
uncommon ideologies - one of them is
Zoroastrianism zoroastrians believed
fire and earth to be sacred fundamental
el
so it's very bad for them to bury or
cremate their departed the solution they
came up with was to build towers of
silence for the deceased also known as
docma these towers have no roof so that
nature can step in and do the work as an
undertaker
the only towers of silence still
functional to this day are in India but
let's move on to a place that's very
much alive and definitely not silent
number two pet like sardines in trains
India has the fourth largest railway
system in the world with almost 42,000
miles of track overall but if you want
to keep a pleasant impression of this
country in your heart then you might
want to avoid trains at all costs or you
know if you're just curious to see
people hang off the sides and right on
the roof of the train then India is the
place to go local commuter trains in
India are unbelievably overcrowded most
of the time so even trying to get in one
is pretty much impossible and don't even
bother trying to get a seat you'd be
wasting your time but still these crazy
packed trains have sort of become a
tourist attraction in and of themselves
but still I'd take uber or something for
short distances if I were you number one
pageants for true beauties
hey what's more beautiful than a huge
Indian elephant can't think of anything
hmm that's a tough one well the only
real answer is the most beautiful Indian
elephant of course there's a contest
dubbed as such that happens each year on
the full moon between February and March
and this pageant is a key part of job
Horus famous Indian festival nowhere
else in the world are these gorgeous
Giants celebrated like they are here
people get down to work preparing for
the festival by cleaning the elephants
and decorating them with an array of
stunning embellishments and clothes they
even paint colourful designs on them
then everybody votes for the most
beautiful and gracious elephant at the
festival it's really nice to know that
these kind and helpful creatures can get
so much respect and love boy you could
see that one coming now couldn't you hey
what's the most amusing fact about India
that you know add your own points to the
list in the comments down below and
don't forget to give this video a big
thumbs up share it with your friends and
click subscribe to always stay on the
bright side of life